Directory, Directory Maintainer, Contact email

apps/MultiStick_GoogLeNet, Intel Corporation, ramana.rachakonda@intel.com
apps/MultiStick_TF_Inception, Intel Corporation, MultiStick_TF_Inception
apps/benchmarkncs, Intel Corporation, ramana.rachakonda@intel.com
apps/birds, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com
apps/hello_ncs_cpp, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com
apps/hello_ncs_py, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com
apps/image-classifier, Intel Corporation, ashwin.vijayakumar@intel.com
apps/multistick_cpp, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com
apps/stream_infer, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com
apps/stream_ty_gn, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com
apps/stream_ty_gn_threaded, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com
apps/street_cam, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com
apps/street_cam_threaded, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com
apps/video_objects, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com
apps/classifier-gui, Intel Corporation, ramana.rachakonda@intel.com
apps/topcoder_example, Top Coder, tbd@tbd.com

caffe/AlexNet, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com
caffe/GoogleNet, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com
caffe/SqueezeNet, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com
caffe/AgeNet, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com
caffe/GenderNet, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com
caffe/TinyYolo, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com
caffe/SSD_MobileNet, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com

tensorflow/inception_v1, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com
tensorflow/inception_v2, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com
tensorflow/inception_v3, Intel Corporation, ramana.rachakonda@intel.com
tensorflow/inception_v4, Intel Corporation, ramana.rachakonda@intel.com
tensorflow/mobilenets, Intel Corporation, ramana.rachakonda@intel.com
tensorflow/facenet, Intel Corporation, neal.p.smith@intel.com
